my name is Auggie Pullman next week I
start fifth grade in since I have never
been to a real school before and pretty
much cozy petrified I'll see you later
okay you don't want to walk up with your
parents because it's not cool by your
call I know I am but technically most
dads
neither of these helmets there God
please make them do
I know I'm not an ordinary Kendra kid
I've had 27 surgeries this helmet agrees
to see here that a hearing aid but none
of them have made me look ordinary
incubator plumbers and this generation
you know what an eraser is spray please
please
there's the baby meadows in my life I
look like him I swear I put a hood over
my face I know you don't always like it
but I love it twice's on space you are
not ugly Bobby you have to fear as we
give you my mom because I'm your mom it
counts the most because I know you the
most high you don't have to do this I
don't know what you're talking about
I'll see you know how to pretend is on
say all game okay I'm really sorry why
are you sitting here then someone soon
returns for a change okay who is it that
I aspire to be that is the question that
we should be asking ourselves all the
time
hey Jack come sit here and in fact
I'd like to be able to control with that
wasn't your superpower
that sounds greenling oh what'd you do
I'm being miserable you touch its kid
enough please show them you can't blend
in when you were born to stand out
you really thought about having plastic
surgery you this is out there plastic
surgery takes a lot of work of the skin
[Music]